Overhaul billing page (#78)
crate/cloud-docs: docs/reference/billing.md

Cloud supports the following payment methods:

- **Cloud Marketplaces**: Available on [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-l7rqf2xpeaubk),
  [Azure](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps/crate.cratedbcloud), 
  and [GCP](https://console.cloud.google.com/marketplace/product/cratedb-public/cratedb-gcp) Marketplaces.
- **Credit Card**: Available worldwide. We use Stripe as our payment provider.
- **Bank Transfer**: Available in some markets (US and EU). [Contact](https://cratedb.com/contact) our sales team.
- **Custom Contract**: For large deployments, [contact](https://cratedb.com/contact) our sales team.

:::{tip}
**Marketplace Committed Spend**

All three marketplace offerings (AWS, Azure, GCP) can be applied towards
any committed spend agreement (e.g., MACC) you have with the cloud provider.
This effectively reduces your committed spend balance and allows you to use
CrateDB as if it were a native service provided by the cloud provider.
:::

### Setup Payment Method

:::{tab} Cloud Marketplaces
<br>

1. Register for an account on the [CrateDB Cloud sign-in page](https://console.cratedb.cloud/).

> 2. Click on the **"Billing"** tab on the right side.

Reviewer: When it's not a button but a tab, "navigate to" might be applicable, in order to provide variety in wording.

```suggestion
2. Navigate to the **"Billing"** tab on the right side.
```
